the new artists ingredients for that recipe are
lemons potatoes carrots
and white wine
for the filling we will use a fresh sausage minced beef veal
we make a bed with potatoes onions and we put
the carrot
veiled the grapes and the penalties
we are a pulse oil roll
everything above
and we are going to add the broth
and the white wine glass
and we're going to put all this in the oven while we prepare support so that
go well
the podium
what we are going to do is tell it when marte roads
If you do not have more effective
was to use butter without problems
the hotel is oriented everywhere
let's do for the fill as its amount
we leave the skin
we mix the minced meat with the pasta
for both the flesh of the mosques
stay in nothing
and we will start to withdraw
coppola five floors
to finish
let's go tell me
so that it does not come out and we're going to do it
Half lemon
We put in the oven tray value how certain degrees have been generated
one hour minimum
and so we have left
after a little bit of weight to a little bit of filling equal position
delicious
I hope you liked it